Hello, everybody. Happy Mother's Day. Welcome to Harmontown.
Happy Sunday. Once again, Harmontown is in session.
I'm back. Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
Welcome to the stage, the Mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon. Thank you. Happy Mother's Day.
No more wire hangers, you guys. We watched Mommy Dearest today in bed. Aaron and I did.
We weren't doing it thematically. We've been on this Joan Crawford kick and we just happened to be,
we were watching Mommy Dearest on Mother's Day, but it's a good one to watch on any day.
I think about that movie a lot, mostly because I want her bathroom from that first scene with all the shower nozzles.
I want a lot of that house. Yeah, that house was really good.
But yeah, I was watching it and made me remember because that was like when I was a kid.
And I remember, you know, America was fascinated with that movie. My mom really liked that movie.
She was into it. She quoted a lot. She'd joke like, no more wire hangers, like when she would find herself giving hysterical.
She'd self-efface by saying stuff like that. But also, she would do so much from the movie.
And I was like, did she get the idea from the movie or did the movie maker feel better?
I was like, oh, I didn't use a whole can of comic cleanser. I just wanted to clean the bathroom a little bit.
I don't know. Happy Mother's Day. I called my mom today, as you all did.
Yeah, we did.
Or did you?
Anybody not call their moms?
See, you weren't making the joke that Goldberg was making. He called out, yeah, we did.
Called my mom, get it? He fucked my mom.
Oh, okay.
Well, payback is fair, right?
Yeah, sure.
You've been fucking everyone's mom for a long time now.
Yeah. I called her, and great news, she loves Season 4 of Community. She loves it.
She's very happy with it. She was quoting episodes. She's kind of...
And then I said, yeah, we should come up and we should get together sometime.
And she went, yeah, cool, cool, cool, cool. Oh, sorry, sorry.
And I just laughed about it. I was like, you're sorry about that?
I don't understand. So it registers in your brain that that's an issue socially,
but you just cool, cool, cooled for 10 minutes about the thing.
And then I was on speakerphone because my dad was in the room, so then she did a classic Harmon move.
She was like, what? Huh? What? I don't understand what you're saying.
And I was like, never mind. What was your question?
She was like, question. It's not an inquisition. And I was like, I'm sorry. What the fuck's going on?
God damn it, every year.
Have you watched Season 4? Do you watch it?
No, no, I haven't. I just, for selfish reasons and for altruistic reasons and just philosophical reasons,
I still haven't watched it. It's on my Tivo. I kept the season pass.
So every time we game of thrones night, like tonight, we go there and I see a little folder that says Community.
And I go, huh? So it's like looking at Instagram, you know?
There's your ex-girlfriend out there.
I picked that restaurant. I introduced her to that restaurant. I sewed that dress.
Weird relationship.
So, that was going to be part of my segment called Things Dan Harmon's Not Allowed to Complain About, because they make him sound like a rich douche.
My mom loved Season 4 community.
The other items are, I have a Black Widow infestation in my backyard.
You're allowed to complain about that.
Not to people who don't have backyards.
No, you've let them off the hook. Now they don't feel bad about not having a backyard.
Yeah, guys, stay in your apartments. Backyards have Black Widows.
Erin was in the backyard. She moved a ceramic pot or a rabbit or something,
and a Black Widow spider from the movies crawled across her hand and she killed it and then found its egg sack inside the ceramic rabbit.
They're all over our garage too. They're all up in our garage.
She keeps telling me these stories about Black Widows crawling on her.
It's like Christopher Walken and Deer Hunter. It's like, stop whatever you're doing. Knock it off.
Stop putting your hands under ceramic items.
This is building a tree stump in Flash Gordon in our front yard so she can just put scorpions in and reach into it every day.
If I have a golf ball that goes slightly into a bush, I get the longest club in the bag.
Unless you live anywhere with snow on the trees, don't touch a bush.
I came to California with that knowledge, just from time-life books about spiders.
I was a big spider guy. When I was a kid, I loved spiders. I would go out behind the garage in Wisconsin and I would play with bugs.
I was fascinated with them. I probably would have been an entomologist or something or an arachnidotopia.
I would just play with spiders and bugs and stuff.
So much so that one of my aunts for Christmas gave me this big colorful book for adults about spiders because there was something I was really into.
I read the book. It was just a scientific book about the world's most poisonous spiders.
I remember reading descriptions of the Black Widow. It remains relatively still, but it also has a lot of...
But its reflexes are so fast that it can traverse the length of a broomstick and a human arm faster than the human ability to drop the stick or something like that.
Purposely using measurements to terrify you. It will be in your ear eating your brain before you can say there's a spider in my ear eating my brain.
I have a pretty live and live policy with bugs and stuff like that. I don't like ants. No one wants a bunch of ants in their place.
If I see one ant, that's the scout ant, so I do that. I whack that ant so I make sure that he doesn't go back and tell the tale about it.
You put his head on a microscopic pike.
I have a little tiny curb and I kick his teeth in.
I always kill one when there's another one watching and then I look at the other one and I say...
It doesn't work. I've tried to tell your friends that it doesn't work.
They do tell their friends and they go, oh, the breadcrumb is still there?
So now Kevin's dead, so if nothing else, we can eat Kevin.
Because they're insects.
Or we can go team up on that asshole that killed Kevin.
In their dreams.
Spiders, no. I told you a story about me falling asleep one time. I was 24, I had a girlfriend and I was staying at her place.
We were asleep naked and I woke up and there was a sound of what I thought was a moth had gone into my ear.
I was laying on my left side and something that sounded like a one-man band was in my brain.
I jump up naked and I'm running around the room screaming. She's laughing because she looks hilarious.
But I hear...
It's that loud and it's freaking out.
And I'm trying to hit my head and get it out and I'm punching myself in the ear.
And she's like, what are you doing? It was a moth, it was a flyer, bugs in my ear.
And it was so loud and it was non-stop beating on my, like flapping on my eardrum.
And I start, I punch myself in the head as hard as I can, dazing myself and the bug.
And then I hear...
Which I think was his heart.
I just dazed it and stunned it for a while and then it starts going again.
And every time I try to, she turns a light on but I have to turn my head up to the light
which makes the feeling of gravity is going to bring it farther into my brain.
And I don't want to do that so I'm trying to get water out of your ear and that's not working.
So I've been told later on that if that happens, if a bug goes in your ear, pour alcohol in there.
Like, knock it out, get it drunk, fuck it up and then at least the insanity will stop.
But I'm just losing my mind and punching myself and she takes some twitters out and tries to get it
and it long lasts and it takes a long time, we're both nude in the bathroom, in the middle of the night.
And she's like, we'll get you to a hospital, like I'll be insane by the time we get to the hospital.
I seriously will lose my mind, it was freaking me out and the noise was so loud and now it's scrambling
and I feel the sensation of it burrowing in.
It's going the wrong way.
It's not going to go the way that I was punching.
It's like, it descended from hundreds of generations of spiders that survived humanity.
There's just a crazy giant outside, it's not going to go that way.
It knows exactly when to stay put.
So she gets my head up this way to the light so the air is pointing up and she puts the tweezers down my ear
and manages to get halfway into my brain and pulls out a spider the size of a nickel.
And worth every penny.
That's been our show, goodnight everybody.
And it flies out and we both scream because it's quite alive and it's pretty scary looking
and it hits the ground running and so I barefoot just go wham and stamp on it with a size 13 and a half barefoot foot
and I lift up my foot and it goes whew, it just shrugs it off and gets up and kicks it off.
There are days and there are days.
I can't get a break around here.
Like I wanted to be in your ear.
It looked like a barn.
So it just fell down my ear and they say that we eat lots of bugs in our sleep and don't know it
but I finally managed to kill it and then for the rest of the time we dated which wasn't long
she kept putting fake spiders in the bed.
What?
Yeah just to be honest I believe the word is asshole and it's the worst so now like I used to sleep with a capillow on my head
and stuff and it's terrible.
Alright so now, sleep tight everybody.
Alright my mom loves season 4.
We're infested with Black Widows.
We're going to have a guy come take care of it.
I sound like an asshole because you guys couldn't have a guy come take care of it.
I'm going to call the Black Widow guy.
I don't know who he is.
Harvey Keitel is going to pull up in a Ferrari.
My animated show is going to take till December for you guys to get to see.
I'm very excited.
That's another thing I'm complaining about.
People keep spreading rumors about me going back to season 5 of the community.
I'm complaining about that.
That navigation system in my Prius.
I keep dropping blue flags everywhere.
That's the worst.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
5% of the audience, who's got this goddamn navigation system?
Fucking blue flags.
I keep dropping blue flags.
Anybody with a Toyota or a Lexus I think.
Every intersection here can fucking drop a blue flag at random spots.
I got blue flags all over the city.
There's a menu you can delete the blue flags.
I know but you're never going to do that are you?
You're always on your way somewhere and you're dropping these blue turds all over.
Precisely when you're trying to do the opposite, which is figure out where you're going and
you're putting flags all over the thing.
Okay, I'm going to go home from work now.
Are you sure you don't want to go to one of these blue flags?
You like so much?
Go to Ivar.
You loved it.
You put a blue flag there.
No.
Nicole.
I call my car Nicole.
I'm not going, I'm just saying the call Kidman thing?
Is that one?
Yeah, probably.
I don't know.
I don't name my car.
I have better things to do.
I can't even name characters I create.
The community has all my friends names.
So that rumor on Deadline, I think the reason for it is because weeks ago Sony reached out
through private channels, not that they would have ever reached out through honest public
ones.
The way that big studios work is that they're in the business of getting their shows syndicated
and I think that in the days before they were sure that community would get that very important
next 13 episodes, which to them that's all it represents is just the number 13.
They don't care if any of those 13 are good or bad.
They just needed those 13 so that they could not get fired by the machines that make the
money from the 97 episodes.
It'll be very lucrative for me as well.
We're all very happy.
Everyone except the people that never made any money and who got tattoos of Abbott on
their thigh.
We're all thrilled to pieces about this episode order.
But back before it happened, when they were in the position of what can we do to make
sure this happens, in their misguided bottom line minds we're thinking, let's sweeten the
kitty.
Maybe we could tell NBC, Dan will come back and that way there will be all kinds of press
and that's how little they care.
That's how little shame they have.
They don't care.
To them that wouldn't be winning or losing, they don't care.
I think that in the ensuing weeks, during which time NBC finally made a decision to pick up
the show so it doesn't matter, someone's assistant probably told someone's assistant and someone's
friend over drinks that that conversation happened for a second and resulted in maybe a
deadline article which resulted in a bunch of other press about it.
So you're going back?
Tuesday.
No, my point is I don't think it's a question that I would even have a yes or no answer to.
I don't think that is a choice that I have.
I haven't read this article.
For all I know you're perpetuating this myth right now.
I probably am.
I'm trying to make Harmontown a thing you should come to and listen to, I guess.
I don't know.
I'm participating.
Where's my clicks?
Wait, but Chevy's not in the show anymore.
We've got to get him here.
Well, he's a...
Why?
Because it'll be insane.
Why not bring Chevy Chase once to Harmontown?
Did you see him on SNL?
No.
Do you understand what happens when he walks into a room?
Everything gets complicated.
I'm not saying it's going to be fun.
I'm just saying that we all muscle up.
It's like going to play paintball.
It hurts.
It's sweaty.
You get bruised.
I just don't see it the way you see it.
I call him.
He calls me sometimes.
The concept is funny on paper, but...
Can we Skype him?
Can we get a screen up and do a little via satellite thing?
Yeah, he seems pretty tech-savvy.
He's probably Skyping me right now.
I can't figure out how to filter it right.
He can.
He does a lot of PHP programming in his spare time.
Anyways, I just wanted to address that because people tweet me.
And I thought maybe that would be fun, worth your $10 alone to come out and hear me say out loud.
Alright, so I think that ends the...
I had stuff to talk about segment.
I saw an Arrested Development poster outside Meltdown.
I got really excited.
It was cool for me.
It might be a little cameo in one of those episodes by a certain fat alcoholic.
Close to your hearts.
And may or may not have gone out and visited that set.
I also had to edit out the whole for anyone that was here when I described me being on the set of a Terrence Malick movie with...
What's his name? Batman in it?
John Landis.
Christian Bale.
Did you know John Landis is the new Batman?
I was very surprised.
It's weird, but they're going back to a kind of classic feel.
I told the story about going and being on the set of a Terrence Malick movie with Christian Bale,
and then I had to edit the whole thing out for the very specific reason that, as Aaron pointed out to me on the way home,
I got to...
It's okay for me to say that I got to do that and how cool it was.
It's not okay for me to reveal absolutely anything about the film itself,
which I did in the process of talking about the movie, so I lifted the whole thing out.
The only thing that's left is that I get to say, I did this thing and who cares?
It's like hearing someone talk about a slot machine in Vegas.
It's amazing, I was up and then I was down.
They'll fuck yourself, who cares?
When people tell you about their Dungeons & Dragons characters,
he was a level five mage and he had an eyepatch and a hawk on his dick.
It's make-believe.
While you were gone, Bill poisoned us.
Hello Bill, I just heard that, it's hilarious.
Bill, were you also the guy we were talking about?
Where are my cookies?
Or did those get destroyed in the bonfire you had afterwards?
I don't know, maybe they're back stage.
I would have been the only one that lived had everybody died from the beef jerky.
Bill, settle a bet.
Spencer said you were the benign deviant guy.
Yes.
So Bill wasn't a stranger bearing meat, he was our old friend.
Did you call up the supplier or was that neglected on your part?
Did you just leave it out too long?
I did wait it too long because I had to miss a show.
Ah, he's blaming us now.
No, it was me.
You had to miss a show.
Well, we all made it.
It was very funny.
What was your emotional takeaway from all that?
It was kind of a roller coaster of whether or not you were a good person or a bad person.
In the moment, I sort of shut down.
In the moment, I sort of shut down, but then when I heard everybody applauding in the podcast,
when I listened to it later, I finally felt like I could forgive myself.
I heard everybody go, yeah, but I could not hear that.
Oh, really? That's interesting.
That happens. I think that's some kind of weird...
When I'm on stage, I often...
Actually, less now than never, but I've already...
Worrying about what other people think causes it kind of weird.
The same thing is when you're running a marathon and those drugs flood your body
that don't let you know that your muscles are shredded and that you're in pain and stuff.
It makes you kind of deaf and insensitive to things,
so you're kind of in your own little bottle in your head, I think.
That's what happened to you.
Or it was the fungus.
You may have poisoned yourself.
I was worried that the fungus took over my brain and made me bring it.
After the show, I crawl up on the fire escape to get as close as possible to the sun
and then just a leaf comes out of my head.
That is the coolest fungus of all,
the one that makes ants' brains go crazy and makes them climb a tree.
That's the thing that's terrifying about that is this,
that there was a day before that fungus existed
and then there was a day, it was Wednesday of maybe 6,000 BC, we don't know.
But that fungus, from the ants' perspective, Wednesday was fine
and then Thursday, Nathaniel was going like,
and then because it was, I don't know.
I'm sure there was lots of trial and error in the fungus' part.
There was lots of fungus in the ants' brains.
They would get in the brain and fuck them up and then that fungus didn't survive,
but the fungus that specifically...
It got in there and learned how to vulture on the ants' brains,
drive them up the tree, like make his legs move.
It's really crazy.
I don't know, Jeff.
I think that's too complicated for random mutation.
I'm converting to intelligent design.
Me and Ben Stein are going to go on a retreat.
I've had it.
Hi, ball. It is complex.
I give up. No more science.
That human eye, who would do that?
I mean, who wouldn't?
What random system would do that?
That's the intelligent design main argument.
Look at the human eye.
Ben Stein's into that now?
I think he is.
I saw a trailer for a documentary
that played a lot of punk rock music or something while he walked around,
and I think the implication was that he was doing a religious thing,
but saying God existed.
Who cares?
On either side, who cares?
The only thing more obnoxious than somebody beating down doors
and insisting God exists is somebody insisting he doesn't.
It's so dumb, such a dumb argument.
Who cares?
I saw Bill Maher, it's like, believe what you want,
but he's just being a dick about it.
Almost you would say evangelical.
I just can't stand.
And dogmatic, and being a fundamentalist,
and being just a tool.
He's knocking on my door and thumping a book
called Not the Bible.
Also, he just seems like a terrible guy anyway.
If you've nailed a way of life,
advertise for it with a big smile on your face and hanging out.
And then let me go, God damn it, I love that guy.
How can I be more like him?
Let me sneak into your underwear drawer,
find your Bible, and because I need to know
how to be as happy as you.
Walk around scowling.
I don't want to know what you put in your drink at night.
I got my own problems.
The problem is that everybody thinks that
everyone's codependent, everyone insists that only if and when
everyone in the world does exactly the same thing
will all our problems be solved.
And so people justify simultaneously being completely unhappy
and being totally passionate about some point of view.
Which if everyone just would, you know,
you gotta tend your own garden,
because that way you're not,
people could just counter your argument by going,
well then why are you such a miserable sack?
And I think that's why people are into politics.
It's not really because they care that much.
It's because it justifies being a miserable
and evangelical piece of shit,
simultaneously without being a hypocrite.
I think the appeal of politics is that you can pretend
that your point of view is important,
even though it clearly isn't to you.
It's like in the electrical acid test,
and Ken Keezy is asked to speak,
like is it Berkeley or whatever,
and all the kids are like, you know,
like let's change everything, change everything.
And he's the voice of that, you know,
that time and that movement they think.
And he gets up and he's like,
yeah, it just kind of seems like you're all just yelling,
me, me, me.
Like it's all about just I.
It's like it's all just you just saying your name out loud.
Didn't Abbie Hoffman,
Abbie Hoffman gave a big speech
at some point in the 60s, you know,
when everybody was goofing around.
Abbie Hoffman did a thing where he got up and like,
he said this whole speech,
and everybody was cheering for it,
and he's like, I can tell you guys love this speech,
but I gotta, I feel bad taking credit for it.
It was actually written by Adolf Hitler.
In 1935, I just gave you a speech
from Hitler.
Did he change it?
Did he change some words?
I'm sure he translated it into English.
But I'm sure it was,
but I bet he didn't have to change that much
because it was probably just general.
I mean, every time Hitler spoke,
he didn't say let's kill six million Jews.
Otherwise, that would be, you know,
that roulette wheel would have come up double zero
at a certain point.
So it would be like, six minutes, come on.
I got work tomorrow.
Most of the time, he was saying very similar stuff
to every politician you've ever heard in your life,
which is we're so fucking amazing.
We're gonna be amazing from now on.
We haven't been amazing in the past,
but now we're gonna be really amazing tomorrow,
and it's gonna be because we're strong
and we're together.
And words that mean absolutely nothing
in a world where we then team up
on specific words like retarded and the n-word
and go, okay, let's get rid of these words
because these things are like abracadabra.
If I say retarded enough in the wrong way,
the retarded people are gonna be even more retarded.
If we eliminate the word, retardation will go away.
Not that it should because they're amazing people,
and it's language that's the real handicap.
Meanwhile, people who say words that have no meaning at all
are actually actively oppressing people
and causing things that result in people being physically hurt,
and they get away with it because their words are porridge
instead of having any flavor.
Porridge can be good, I'm not saying.
Porridge shouldn't be synonymous with lack of flavor.
It gets a bum rap because famous porridge
is from Oliver Twist and the classic teddy bear story.
They make bad porridge famous.
Bad porridge is, yeah, bad porridge
is a higher profile than good porridge.
There's not enough...
We need to start an anti-porridge defamation league
for some kind that can...
Where are the stories where Jack climbs a beanstalk
and he finds golden porridge?
What qualifies something as porridge?
I think it has to...
Can someone look that up over here
and tell me what makes porridge porridge
and not just a nice bowl of cream of wheat
or grits or something like that?
Isn't porridge just warm breakfast cereal,
like oatmeal, cream of wheat, grits?
The way pudding is just dessert in England,
like pudding just means dessert, basically.
No, pudding is lots of things.
It's also like savory things.
You can get a pudding at any meal of the day there.
So maybe porridge is just like a bowl of hot...
Boiling, ground, crushed or chopped cereal
in water, milk or boats.
That's a lot of ores.
We have optional flavors.
Yeah, so it's grits.
It's bad cereal.
Boiled or poached, cereal, wheat, grain
or human had served or not served
in a bowl or on a platform for breakfast
or to send a message to the enemy.
Or anything in between.
Now then, what makes gruel gruel?
Is gruel just the world's worst porridge?
Yeah.
Yeah, gruel's worse than bad porridge.
On the Homeland Security porridge color-coded scale.
We can formulate the world's most culturally biased
SAT question out of this.
Porridge is to gruel as gruel is to...
All right, well, let's...
I don't have shit to talk about.
Let's get the stars on stage.
Yeah, season five in your dreams with me.
They haven't asked.
If they asked you, and let's say they gave you
the keys to the kingdom. I am a professional storyteller
and that's an amazing third act.
So, yeah, I would definitely...
I would not be closed to that amazing story.
You bummed out they haven't...
I mean, I'm not going to ask you.
No, Tessie, this is the thing.
This is the reason I refuse to be bummed out they haven't asked.
God, that's not fair.
I get to be happy they haven't asked.
That is my luxury.
That is why when Sony reached out to my agency and said,
my response to my agent was like,
when you guys figure out a yes or no question to ask me
all together as one collection of suits,
I will then have a question to answer.
I'll be goddamned if I'm going to fall.
I was a nerd in high school. I know how this shit works.
I was supposed to go like, yeah, I'd go back
and then get an email from Bob Greenback going,
I heard you'd said you'd come back.
Uh-uh, bitch.
I don't know who you think you are,
but the voice is doing real good.
We don't need your ass.
And I went, what the fuck did I do?
I just jumped twice.
I don't even like you people.
I'm happy in forensics.
You can take your cafeteria table and stick it up your ass.
All you guys do is sit there and talk about how thin you are.
I have friends in the drama club,
we're close.
We've got a rocky horror together.
I have meaningful relationships.
I don't care how popular you are.
I do a little bit. It was fun.
Do you still retain popularity
because you are still attached to that show,
but do you miss the kind of day-to-day popularity of like...
No, no, no.
I miss the day-to-day like actual substance
instead of the kind of day-to-day like talking about,
you know, I miss the actual like short-term
let's put on a show every week.
How did you feel about that?
Here's your reaction, you know,
the building and building and building
of that drum circle of fans.
That beast getting fed
and then responding to it with creations of their own.
I'm not blowing smoke.
I'm blowing the actual content and the creation of it
and the response to it and that fire burning.
I don't miss the byproduct of it,
which was like people talking about me,
which inevitably would always result in people saying
I was fat or psycho or something like that.
You get ash with that ember.
It doesn't matter.
But what I miss is the fire.
What a metaphor. Go fuck yourself.
Have another drink.
Joe Crawford eyebrow painting,
cream-faced, no-wire hanger lovin'.
No-wire hanger lovin'.
You no-wire hanger lovin', bitch!
There was just one black guy in that movie
to stand up and really give it to her.
You don't hate wire hangers. You love the absence of wire hangers.
There's so many times in that movie
where the daughter pauses outside the house
before going back in one more time
or convent academy or whatever.
I actually just realized that you needed
one black guy in the front row to go,
don't go in there!
Stop it! She keeps hitting you!
I'm almost certain no black person
ever saw a mommy dirty.
If they did, they'd probably be so confused.
Everyone knows black people are
synonymous with
an experience in life
and a set of perceptions.
They're completely objectified.
Subset of humanity. We all know that.
All right.
I'm being sarcastic.
Your silence disturbs me sometimes.
I got the message from the survey last week.
Half of you think I'm racist
and a majority of you are the juries out.
I want to talk a little bit about
what I listened to while I was away,
so we should probably get Spencer and Camille up here.
Can we get Spencer, Brendan
and Kumail Nanjiani to the stage?
By the way, you know the headline
on Deadline Tomorrow is going to be
Dan Harmon expresses strong desire to return.
I don't feel sorry for myself for a second
at all, obviously.
I have lots of money
and I'm an amazing person
and I'm going to live till
90 and I'm going to die
in a bed of money with six dogs
licking my nipples.
You know, the whole American dream.
And a huge tapestry
made out of dead Black Widows.
Just little tiny Black Widow heads
like a big game hunter and little
little mahogany crests.
I'll have an Australian
assistant who really kind of bagged them all for me.
I like Roosevelt.
I go out with a monocle and an elephant gun.
That one there.
He could run across a broomstick
and cross your arm faster than you could react.
Not anymore, he can't.
He was about cheater speed.
He's obviously the guy
that's really behind all the kills
but I'm like, oh, that one there.
That was an eight legged.
I think there were mostly eight legged.
You would be the kind of guy
who would never be invited back to the...
You would end up in a mysterious
shooting accident on my yacht.
All the Black Widow heads in my head also.
Are they super...
To bring together two things,
spiders and religion in Islam,
at least my sect of Islam,
at some point in history, there was a spider
and the good guy was hiding from the bad guys
and the spider made a web to hide
the bad guy.
So in my sect of Islam,
spiders, you can't kill them.
They're all over the place.
It's not religious
society but it's bad luck to kill a spider.
Oh, is that right?
It's interesting that it gets
all turned around like that.
So we had spider webs.
I don't think it's bad luck to step on
a brown recluse or something like that.
California, I've noticed
there's a lot less mention of how much
bad luck it is to kill spiders.
In Wisconsin...
Everybody likes the little daddy long legs
to chill out and eat bugs.
Those are arthropods.
All right, sometimes
I don't know how I can get up in the morning.
It's not how you get up, it's how can you
go to sleep at night then.
Who do you think has been putting all those black
winners in your garage then?
I go to bed at night amongst a nest
of very well respected arthropods
who, like porridge,
do not deserve the wrap they got
from spiders.
You know that urban legend,
everyone thinks that daddy long legs,
they say, it's the most poisonous
beast on earth,
but it can't pierce the human skin
with its handables.
So you let a daddy long leg
crawl on your hand and nothing's ever going to happen.
Because it's like the brontosaurus
of spider looking things.
It's like a ridiculous...
It maybe would eat an ant leg
if it found one in the mail.
Well, you know,
if it had the right address on it.
If it just said to resident, it would be like,
I can't.
It's going to be so frustrating.
You know, brontosaurus don't exist.
That was a hoax.
Brontosaurus,
they have been taken out.
They're not real dinosaurs.
Oh, Jesus.
They got Plutoed.
Well, here's the story.
It's like Bobby and John Kennedy.
Because you got the brachiosaurus,
which is when it looks like it,
and then famously sneezes a lot
of kids with that.
Only when it's hilarious.
Apparently, there were two paleontologists.
I forget the exact...
This was like the 60s or something,
who were like fighting each other.
They were all like traveling all over the world
to discover new dinosaurs.
It's called the bone wars.
It's really fascinating.
It really is called the bone wars.
So they were like hurrying up to discover more.
So the one guy started putting together
different heads and bodies
of different species.
Just for the street grab?
And he totally won,
and the other guy got totally discredited.
And then after the winner died,
they found out that he made up all these dinosaurs,
including the brontosaurus.
But as far as the winner knows,
he died with the belt. He died champion.
Oh, he died with six puppies licking his nipples.
But the winner knew he was cheating.
He died knowing he was a fraud.
Yeah, but he had hoaxed the world,
and probably...
The person that does that probably died happy.
Probably slept like a baby.
What a cock.
Use Christ to resurrect him,
just to slap him in the face
for the damage that does
in the science versus religion wars.
You fucking idiots.
Do you know what a fucking meal
these red necks are going to make out of this?
It's all made up. Look at this.
Oh, man.
There are people out there publishing coloring books
teaching children that dinosaurs didn't exist,
that bones were buried by the devil
and the people that made Space Lab
in the 70s,
so that we could dig them up in the 80s
and pretend there were the dinosaurs.
Like warping children's brains.
Did you see that fourth grade test
from some Christian school that was like,
when was the Earth created?
It says 6,000 years.
Did humans and dinosaurs live together?
Yes. It's all
like super creationist.
It came out like three, four days ago.
It's not a Tumblr.
I got to draw the line there.
That's where I would care about politics.
You've got to be kidding me.
A kid doesn't even have a chance.
That's not politics. That's just
ignorance.
Everyone that's passionate about something political,
like that's their big thing.
This isn't even politics. This is a fucking holy war.
I'm going to blow up this clinic.
Sorry, what?
That's like, for people who are anti-religion,
we are anti-religion because
of people like that.
Yeah. Well, that's what he's saying.
The town hall is crying out.
Yes. That's why exactly.
Yes. The people
who are anti-religion, who let's call it
the Bill Maher end of the spectrum,
that is the
kick in the shins to which they're reacting.
I absolutely
understand that.
Obviously, if there was
a big rumble,
I'm not going to bring
a bike chain to the Christian side
of it.
But
my only point is
that
if we know that people are
kind of dumb
and we know that what
kind of motivates them is like
anger at
smart people,
like,
what good is like a bunch of smart people
that their face is going to do?
I don't know.
This is going to lose everybody.
I'm sure this is not the audience for this.
I watched the player's championship,
the golf thing, the Tiger one today.
And the commentators are very good.
They know a lot about golf.
They look at everybody's swing and they know exactly
what's going on. They know everything about
grass. What kind of grass does what?
They can read the grains. It's kind of fascinating
the amount of knowledge it goes into. I'm not a great golfer.
I'm not an avid golfer.
I suck.
There's a thing now because of TV
and because somebody heard the first time
I don't know if it was because of
Billy Madison. What's the golf one?
Happy Madison?
Happy Gilmore. I always do that.
I always do that too.
He named his production company
a mixture of the two.
Just to fuck with old people.
Every single time
Tiger and a lot of other popular
golfers strike the ball,
get in the hole!
There's eight douchebags
with the same khaki pants on and the same shirt
and the same tailor-made ball cap
and they all yell get in the hole.
But it'll be the tee shot and a par fucking five.
The hole is 550 yards away
that ball's not going in the hole.
And so everybody else get in the hole
but now it's because
they've heard these famous calls
like a great putt that somebody made
and I'm the guy, that was my get in the hole
when Tiger did that thing.
Everybody's trying to beat each other
to get in the hole but they have to wait
also with camera clicks.
So you've got all these 75 IQ fuckers
that are dressed in the exact same outfit.
The homogeneity of
golf fans attire is troubling
to me.
There should not be that much khaki on that
when you pay all white people.
And it's really disturbing.
It's really Nuremberg-y and gross.
Too much brown fabric
and too big a crap.
It's a great time at the tournament.
Little Nuremberg-y but...
So today...
It's a crystal knocked-ish out here.
Little joy division-ish.
The commentators are all very clearly intelligent people
and
they crack wise.
They can be quite poetic sometimes
and they're called the boringness of golf
that can be.
And there were these guys that spilled out
Sergio for Sergio Garcia
and they all lined up and the guy
was making this and whatever
it was.
And the commentators don't say anything.
They don't justify it.
They don't get angry at it.
I think that's very classy of them.
But it has to stop because today
in one of the final holes,
big important putt, millions of dollars in the line
and someone goes,
Happy Mother's Day Mom!
Toledo IRS!
So you're saying
that's organized religion.
The average IQ is dumb.
The average...
You get any giant group of strangers.
The average IQ are the people that
work for Earthlink or for AT&T
and you're like...
That's why customer service is so infuriating
because they're not the smartest people in society
doing that. And you have to remember
that the people that run around
and want to stand too close to Tiger's ball
and be an asshole and be in the way and yell that
those are regular people
and they have smooth parts of their brain
and...
There should be some nooks and crannies in there.
And so we end up being elitist
anyway.
And so...
We could be elitist and compassionate.
I don't think people are dumb.
I think in some ways truth is public opinion.
And so if you're surrounded by people
who are all saying the same thing
it's something you don't really question.
So if you're wearing khakis and you run by all these guys
and this is just what we do.
When they're on their own they might be smart
but when they're all together they're like
yeah get in the ball, get in the hole
or whatever they're fucking yell
it becomes the thing to do.
And that's how like an array and religion
and all of that.
The problem with getting the hole is
and I thought about it, I was like say something else
but the thing is what else would you say?
I have a dream!
That is the fastest way to say it.
I hope you make that fun.
Yeah they should have Martin Luther King quotes
I'll tell you what your country can do for you!
I was thinking there was another...
If voting was powerful it would be illegal!
A few years ago there was a school
this was going back a little bit to that
they had a creation science fair
where all the projects had to support
creationism or disprove evolution
the girl who came in first place
She had a frog in a tank
and she said it's not a lizard yet
Not so different!
She took her glass jar
put sand and rocks inside
and put it in a cupboard, pulled it out
a week later nothing had evolved
so evolution disproved
But I would have been so awesome
if she pulled it out and there was like a tiny giraffe
in there you know
And one day science will put
that tiny giraffe there
There goes first place
I've had time to stew about this very valid
thing because I heard myself
I mean look
God damn it
We've burnt women at the stake
we've drilled holes in people's heads
we've done so much has been
done wrong by powerful
people in the name
of religion
It's not religion's fault
It is powerful people's fault
They will abuse
anything you give them
If you replace religion with science
or money, rich old white people
are going to burn women at the stake
They're going to do it for whatever reason
They're going to do it because they hate women
and they want to set something on fire
And the women are all around
Because how the fuck can you twist
a guy walking around
saying everyone love each other
the wrong way? They figured out how
it ended with a McDonald's
in Rome
with a guy in a funny
hat surrounded by gold bowls
with
different colors smoke coming out of a chimney
How do you twist Thomas Jefferson
around and end with two parties
arguing and having conventions that
never existed
agreeing on what they're going to debate about
what the League of Women voters going
you know what we can't moderate this anymore fuck this
you guys are insane
This is a conspiracy against everyone poor
How do you twist that shit around?
The answer is because you want to
So science
is of course
it's the best religion we've come up with so far
because it's a pursuit
to replace the unknown with the known
It is just as much
as religion should be
It's like let's join hands
and scour the landscape
for this lost child
in this Amber Alert
called the search for the meaning of life
I don't care if we find a shoe
or a
or a blade of grass
or a little extra blood on it
One set of footprints
That is when I was raping you
How?
You're raping her on foot?
Yeah
He works in mysterious ways
I don't know what we're even talking about
anymore
That was a metaphor
You're a rail pass
I was going to say
that was when science carried you
but you went with rape
And God bless me
I always will
The fight
of whether or not
we're going to be religious or scientific
first
in a very important sense
that fight is already over
Look at the skyline
as Campbell said
the tallest buildings were always churches
back in the days when they were abusing their power
He didn't say that part
There was a point where the churches were the big tall buildings
That's why churches have that architecture
to them because that was
state of the art how high can we get this building
Then by the time
we learned how to make buildings taller
that money and engineering
knowledge was coming not from God
but from Fort Knox
The buildings that are taller than churches
now are commercial buildings
and commerce and science
has one
You only have to look out your window to see that
The crosses are lower than the antenna
and the
NBC logos and the CNNs
and the whatever
We beat them
But
are we going to become another church
Are we going to become
Are we going to
The thing that they created
accidentally or on purpose
and either forgot
or never wanted to know
that we all know about
has this idea of
a moral code
the idea that we're important to each other
These prophets were
popping up 2000 years ago
when we were writing literature
they had this eruption of
okay this guy
suddenly became a revolutionary
and then he got killed for it
this guy said stuff shit
all over the globe it was happening
roughly at the same time
as we were becoming
powerful enough to kill each other
we weren't taking each other seriously enough
we have it within us
unconsciously
as we start to get more and more crowded together
and the guns start to grow
on trees and be available
in bubblegum machines
in us to do stuff with our brains
that will make it possible
for guns to be available in gum ball machines
and nobody to get hurt
less people than you'd think
for the lights to go out in New York for a whole night
and nobody gets hurt the ice cream just melts
and they eat it together
for wonderful things to happen
no matter how little opinion we give
we have of ourselves
we've achieved
magnificent things
both because science continues
to prove maniacs wrong
but also because
as that happens human beings
continue to reveal themselves
to have the power to police themselves
the monster inside of us
and
when the guys in the lab coats
come out and they go
okay I just figured it out
what happened
0.00003 seconds
after the universe was created
we now know
that a Zedron made of Hebron
that guy
his job is to focus on that stuff
really hard
to the exclusion probably
have a lot of thought about whether or not
we should hit each other in the face
over a game of checkers
that guy might be a great person
he might be a terrible person
personality wise
his brain is given over to
forging into that unknown territory
and reporting back to us
what happens to a Parsec when it becomes a Quibon
or whatever
we in the mainstream
smart or stupid
relative to that guy
when we hear that a Quizon is actually a Hebon
we
we have to
we have to be good people still
because the more
we get rid of God
the more we shove that stuff aside
the more we actually
need to supplant it with some kind of
code
some kind of culture
it's already been laid out for us
Roddenberry that's why he was so
impacting because he saw it
and he saw
the Vulcan mythology
where they were related to Romulans
and they became like
super intelligent
and able to destroy themselves and made a memetic decision
to evolve
so we got to go with logic now
and logic says don't punch someone in the face
just because
you think he likes your girlfriend
or because you want more oil
or logic
make a decision about the species
and blah blah blah
we know that science is supposed to be
get this higher state of being
but right now we're caught in this puberty
where science is only making us beat up our dad
on prom night
we're just being a little bit destructive I think
we have to work it out a little bit
don't you think there's like a churchification
of science going on though
because like I feel that there's
that's what I'm worried about
that's happening like that's the thing
and look this paleontologist was doing
the choir boy molestation
of creating dinosaurs
he was making them up
I would say not as bad but continue
it happens like there's people
that won't listen to evidence
because they just assume
like assume that a
given principle is just law
and unchangeable and rather than like
go back and look at evidence
they're like no this is what I know
this is my bible so I'm not going to question it
but that's the whole point of science
there's a ton of oh yeah within their ranks
thank god science is intelligent enough
to have as its code
has peer review
and skepticism like baked into it
there are these dogmatic
old men who make it hard on the young men
coming up young young women
who
it's too late for me
make your own lightsaber and move on
throw me in the pit
and watch me shoot lightning as I die
but
there's always going to be an old boys club
that's always like even
especially anthropology where it's like
you have to dig up a bone
to prove something and then in the meantime
it's all these theories and like Elaine Morgan
one of my heroes who created the aquatic ape
theory was like bullied by
blah blah blah a different episode
the uh
but take a step back from that now
if you're willing to look at that and say
okay scientist A
is kind of a dick to scientist C
within
their community because scientist C
hasn't paid his dues and
you know this theory's got traction
and people don't want it to be true and don't want to take
new hypotheses seriously
now you take a step back from that
and look at how science
is that condescending
to someone with an IQ over
75 who happens to
choose to have a relationship
with the unknown an umbilical
point coming out of their forebrain
and into the into the void
to comfort them
in the face of all this chaos
to personify
as is not only our right but
fuck our instinct
as these chatterbox primates
we creating religion
comes as naturally to us
as I've said pooping
and there's a lot of poop that needs to be
flushed away but thank god we look
at it sometimes
in case there's blood in it and we go to the doctor
it's coming
out of us religion is coming
out of us and you just take a look
at it every time you blow your nose
are you saying religion is like bloody poop
there's blood in this shit
bad religion there might also
also once in a while be
a nugget of gold in your poop
not as often
maybe the metaphor doesn't work
human beings create a lot of
things that are easily dismissible
because they happen so naturally
the fact that I'm talking I mean
it's amazing people like
we've written language written languages
it's a medic thing it's like babies just at two years
old just go hey give me a glass of water
whoa what the fuck
that's genetic that's
like an actual happening
like we're like weird macaws
we just start talking it's crazy
and when we do we start
like cognifying differently we start
recognizing like how to make
maps and shit that we wouldn't understand if we didn't have
language what a podcast
they say like
people who speak different languages different grammatical
structures approach problem solving
differences so it really does sort of feed
into each other because I can choose to say that
you're sitting on top of the box or that the box
has you on top of it
what do you think of it the language is absolutely
thought and literally when you're speaking
a different language is different parts of your brain are
going so it's like the pathways
are different I could feel it if I want
to switch to Urdu that my brain works
slightly differently when I switch back it like
takes me a second to lock back into it
that's what they say about Urdu
you never go back
once you go or do you never go back
yeah that's what I was trying to
in Urdu you say if you
go back you never Urdu
see that's why that's the thing
it's a beautiful language
and by the way
beautiful
put a big fat asterisk on the idea
some of my favorite operas are Urdu
the fact that language is thought
the fact that we think
as we speak and that the words
we say are actually
the pathways of our brain
that is a lot different from saying that
certain specific words are
magical and need to be either
celebrated or buried
that's dumb
like there's no
smart way to approach that
but I do think words do have meaning
you were saying that earlier and people do use
words differently to oppress or further
a certain thing there's a reason
it's called pro-choice and pro-life and not
pro-abortion and you know so these words
do have certain and that's what the Nazis did a lot
instead of calling it when they kill all the Jews
it was the final solution
and when they had the Jews sort of
running the camps that was called joy division
so those words
they're not just words they can
sort of be used to
have people thinking a certain way
and when you have a cold there's snot on your face
but an anti snot campaign
is not going to come up with the cure
it is just you know just keep wiping
and whatever I guess that's better than
letting it sit on your face
that's a social
custom don't put your elbows on the table
don't say the n-word around black people
you know why?
here's why I don't do it
I think I know why
well I'm going to tell you anyway
here's why I stopped doing it
from when I was like 25 and I was like I'll punk rock
I'm like you're not going to book it
like Quentin Tarantino said once and I do agree
with this fundamentally when a word has that much power
you should be screaming it from the rooftops
he's right I mean in the way
that you should be right he's right
but you're not going to get that
it's always going to be used in a certain way
no, no, no, no, no
here's why I say the n-word
instead of actually saying the n-word
it's for the same reason I don't say the c-word
like as often
as I might
one, two?
when I'm driving inside my car
everybody's a cunt
I'm a cunt, that old lady's a cunt
the dog is a cunt
when I'm kissing my girlfriend
goodbye to go to work in the morning
she's an n-word
n-word privately
between me and my girlfriend
that word is like fucking amazing
it's like saying like sugar pie
yeah, I love it
and I love it
because I'm not supposed to
so it's tender and delicious
and wonderful in your mouth
like a piece of fucking bacon
tough titties for the people who made it
that flavorful
on all sides of the issue
in the end I'm a guy inside my house
with all the ways to be impacting to myself
the reason I don't say
n-word and cunt
the reason I don't say it
around other people
in mixed companies
is because of the social
social pressure
I'm rolling my eyes
at the dumb-dot connection
there's social anxiety
and pressure that it puts people on
for the same reason I cover my mouth
when I sneeze
or say bless you when someone else sneezes
I don't want to deal with it
that's why I don't
I don't want to make other people deal with it
that's called politeness
it has nothing to do with fixing society
but like in your house
that word is powerless
it means nothing, you're screaming it from the rooftops
there's nothing negative about that word
but when you say it in public there is a connotation to it
that you can't control
that word's out there
but I can easily say it without the connotation
Louis C.K. and every great comic
has had a whole ten minute bit
that relieves the pressure, thank god
I could be one of those people
I could come out and say the n-word
and everybody would be laughing
the black people would have to deal with people glancing at them
even if they didn't
I'm too lazy
to make anyone deal with that
I don't want to do it
that tree can be cut down by a different lumberjack
or
me, I'll stick to metaphoric crafted
that's my bread and butter
the only point I'm making
is that
when we get bogged down on the technical aspect
of whether or not the words have power
then the answer, we both agree that the word
look at the word, look at the powerful word
it has power, but then there's subsets
of that topic and you go
the power doesn't
mean, it's like the snot has power
when you have a cold
you could scrape it, put it in a jar
and centrifuge it and find out
what kind of cold you have
there's all kinds of things you could do with the snot
you cannot cure the cold
by
inventing something that makes the snot go away
by making snot illegal
the person's
immune system is being impacted
their body is generating
shit in their body
and the end result is there's some snot
coming out of their nose
we're communicating with each other
and there's a word that thank god
there's a word
that is a tendril to
all of this legacy
if there weren't a word, holy shit
there ain't no word for the fact
that we killed a bunch of Indians
because it matters less
we don't have a fucking word to dance
around and be polite about
we just did it and moved on
but I do think
words do affect
it's not just that
the word is a symptom of an ill
or whatever, the way your thing is not cold
I also do think
words can affect
the way a person thinks
and feels about something
if they say it
if they say it and their intent
is, yeah
you reveal through your language whether you give a shit
whether the person next to you is a human being
you know, but just also like
going back to just saying pro-life
that sounds very positive and if you keep saying that
pro-life, pro-life, pro-life
it sort of affects how you think about that issue
whereas if you're saying pro-choice
then it's something else
I really do think words can affect
the way people think about certain things
and if you
read stuff about what happened in concentration camps
they changed what words mean
and they changed the way people thought
that's the first thing they do
that
that is the way you
recognize fascism
is people who are
like running for media and language
that's the place they go
because the weak
and the busy, the overworked
and the tired and the desperate
only have language to connect
to other people through and media
and so people who find themselves in positions
of moderate power, they run
to the tallest buildings with the dishes on them
and they start tweaking
the way we're communicating with those people
they make sure that we're obsessed with race
they make sure that the 99%
think of themselves as
50% black and 85% this
instead of
just a big simple number
they tweak the language that way
and that's what's dangerous because the people
that are dividing us
are speaking pro-life
and pro-choice, the people dividing us
are speaking
and word is magical
there is a conspiracy
among
the dunces to divide us
and
I don't know, let's settle this in a
no, that makes sense to me
at another time, I'm very suspicious
are we going to settle it?
I guarantee it, because I talk too much about black widows
if we started from the top of the show
okay, are black widows
poisonous or no?
are they like white people?
no, black widows
to answer that question, which is more important
they are, but their mandibles can't pierce human skin
they can't deliver the payload
no one laughed at that, again
making me think that you actually think I'm racist
I'm not an editor
but there's an easy way to make this
sound like you're a racist that wants to be back on community
I'm a very special fifth season
and you're misogynistic
it's stand-up raping
and n-bombs
it may not be far from the truth
it's not going to take a lot of editing either
just a couple snips
at this point in my life, I'm only a product
of what other people think about me
so if I make an awesome callback
spider black person joke like that
I'm with you
there's silence in the room because they're like
man, he really is racist
it's like, holy shit, we have to
if a third person causes you a horse, it's as you buy a saddle
well, I think it's different
I don't think it was people getting uncomfortable
I think when you start, when you go into a certain
field, like when you're about to
clearly make a black joke
it has to be finally crafted
it was! that was amazing
I don't think it was
the jaddy long legs in the play
black people poison us, yes
but their mandibles can't
I thought that was great
they still disagree
I know!
not on board
I'm with you
if it had been an hilarious joke
that would have overridden
people's naturalist
that's the thing, if you're doing a standup bit about
the N word, which is why Louis C. K. can do it
because it's the best
bit about that word
it can't be the fucking best bit
you know, it can't be like
no, no, no, but I'm not saying
I'm the guy who's on your side
with the black people mandible piercing joke
how would you say that
in Urdu?
in Russia
mandible, you pierce
mandible
so you don't actually speak Urdu, do you?
yeah, this is just
a tan and a speech impediment
I knew it
I fucking knew it
it's the world's best kept secret
I need no language
my name is Chris Mail
alright
I need a female from the audience
who can tell us
in five minutes about
the worst conversation
with their mother for Mother's Day
that's willing to share it with the podcast audience
your reward is
you get to play Aaron's character in D&D
she had a very deep
brown when she raised her hand
but it doesn't sound like a good story
it's okay if it's bad for some tragic reason
it doesn't have to be a finely crafted comedic thing
what's your name?
hold on, give my heart a second
I feel good
take it all the time
you won
I'm Denise Hay, guys
hi, I'm Camille
Chris, nice to meet you
I know who you are
it would be weird if you didn't
and you were here
what's your name? Denise
I love that you speak Urdu
by the way
and English, do you speak any other languages?
well, I could say Hindi but it's spoken the same as Urdu
but I could say
now I feel bad about only speaking two languages
do you speak multiple languages?
yeah, I do too
which ones? German, Farsi
and English
Farsi, nice
that's nice, really
Denise, can I ask you
I had a crush on a Persian girl
when I was in high school or college
of course you did
they're beautiful
are you Persian?
yes
if only you hadn't said the C word so many times
it's only when I'm driving
if only they weren't so hairy
I didn't say
it's hairy like Bill's jerky
sorry
Bill, we're together
is it true or not true that the word for popcorn is elephant farts?
yes, it is
they call popcorn elephant farts, which is adorable
it's gross, what?
wait, can I have some salty elephant farts?
how does it make you...
is it a string of syllables that sounds like the English words elephant farts?
or are you saying that the colloquial term
is elephant farts?
it's like going
and ordering a burger and saying
can I have some diarrhea on a bun
burrito is like a little
it's a little patnual
elephant farts
that's what an elephant fart would look like
I like that
I would eat them
what's the word, what do you call it?
can you say it?
choice of feel
choice means fart
it means elephant
okay, now let me ask you one more
is it true, if I say
the name of the country
Costa Rica
oh my god, yes
you just insulted her uncle
you're totally legit
no, you are obsessed with cunts
which I understand
I might have
put that more delicately
I will listen to you say it a couple more times
I know, I'm weirdly into it
it's like having a gangster rapper
up here
now say the N word for it
well no, it's not her
I grew up in Germany and they called me
sand nigger my entire childhood
alright, so that's how she can do it
as long as she says the word sand before it
you and I can say it, it's a bubble
sand room, I can do it
what's up my sand room
tell them what Costa Rica is
Costa Rica means
your cunt smelt
hey, does cus, is that pussy?
yeah, cus means pussy
guys nodding, are you Persian?
oh, okay, you're like yeah
he's just an Israeli pussy
there's actually a
that's the
on the license plate for Costa Rica
Costa Rica, and then on the bottom
it says means your
means your pussy smells in Farsi
but cus means pussy
and it is for lovers
yeah, cus means pussy
languages are connected
the multilingual thing always bumps me out
I always have a pang of guilt
at 40 I'll never know, I'll never fluently speak more than one language
we were just talking about how language
is thought
doesn't it seem pretty obvious
that if we actually
the more people
that spoke multiple languages
the more generally
mellow and smarter we'd be
because that is the practice
of being able to
switch gears
and have two points
of cognating
that's the third language I'll make
it also
it also brings people together
I think because I've noticed
whenever you see a movie, the bad guys
when they speak
Arabic or whatever
it's rarely translated
oh, they're gibberish, they're the other
but I was watching this movie
and this movie was terrorist
and the terrorist spoke and it was translated
and I was like wow, that's weird
and it turns out he was a good guy
so that's like an interesting thing
I think it's sort of lack of
language divides people
lack of knowing what the other...
Denise, what is your Mother's Day
tale for us? Oh shit, I was a great
to forgot about it
great calm trolling by the way
we could stick to this
that's why I was nervous
one more thing I wanted to say about
language actually
one of my fascinations
is the way people say
cock-a-doodle-doo or how to say bubbles
in different languages
where is it a kind of onomatopoeia
you want to know what chickens say in Farsi?
what's cock-a-doodle-doo in Farsi?
what's the sound of chicken?
really, you're going to make me say it
it's so embarrassing
more than cock-a-doodle-doo?
I'd rather say
coast-a-doodle-coast
no
it's like
it's so weird
it's like drunk rooster
it sounds like
Joan Crawford as a rooster
coming into your room at 3 in the morning
it sounds like
Barbara Streisand got raped by camel
and somehow it's just like
oh now we're talking
what a horrible language
I guess that's what the hump means
I'm sorry
there was only one set of hoofs
wait for it
say it one more time and picture Barbara Streisand
say it one more time
so do you want to hear about my mom?
I want to hear about America's mom
Barbara Streisand
just one more time
just everyone picture Barbara Streisand in the guilt trip
with Seth Rogen
and a camel
just say it
what?
the camel's not into it
that was consensual
we don't want to
I felt bad for the camel
Seth Rogen's the camel
he's doing great
what's your mother's day story
Denise?
I moved here after high school
can I have one more question?
sorry
you're Iranian and your name's Denise?
are you Christian?
no I'm actually
I'm Muslim and Jewish
and I was raised by
this is an option?
unfortunately
if vanilla and chocolate
hated each other
and then I was raised by Germans in Germany
we're just fucked up
if you think about it
so my mom still lives in Germany
do your parents have the house divided
and there's a fight in the
yeah well Jews sleep
in the closet of course
not the attic
but I called her
as somebody who is part Jewish
part Muslim I do think it's interesting
that your metaphor for the sound of Rooster makes
tracer than a camel
I don't like that camel Muslim connection
what is that?
you're a tan guy with a speech impediment
shut up
I'm standing up for the people I resemble
but I'm not of
sorry, your mom's story?
I'm not saying the show is long and farsi
go ahead Denise
so I called her and I was like mom
thanks for raising me
basically on your own
she was like well did you think about
what's going to happen with me when I'm old
because you're in America
so if your stepdad dies
what the fuck is going to happen with me
I was like that's a downer
total bummer
I just called to say hey
thank you for everything
and she was like I'm going to die alone
because you're my only child and you're over there
Denise are you looking young enough
that I'm allowed to ask how old you are?
no you're not
I'm not that old
but I want to be able to lie about it in five years
okay
that's great LA of you
banking
but I'm still on the very good side
I'm 24 now but I want to be 24 in five years
exactly
I want to be 26
forever
oh so you're 26
the reason I wanted to ask is
because I'm 40 and I live in constant dread
I still feel like a baby
and my relationship with my parents
is emotionally touch and go meaning
not touch and go like I love them
I hate them
I was supposed to have kids a long time ago
and also now
I'm at that era where
according to American tradition
if nothing else
my parents are
what do you do do you knock on wood
what am I about to say
I'm explaining a thought in my head
and the whole does
I'm sorry
this is just the way
your thought works
please honor my candor
I'm just thinking in my head
I'm 40 and my parents are 20 years older than me
and more and aren't going to start getting
sick soon and when they do
what are my obligations to them
and how is that going to work
because we don't
my family has always been just very reptilian
it's like
I don't know
what am I supposed to do
what do I want to do
you just send them money
to be able to live
through the
but her mom
I can't even visit my mom
if I was you I'd be flying there
just with my own whatever
is your mom in Iran
she's in Germany
I would argue with you guys at this point
I'm not that rich but
this is a great season television show
I could probably
forge some air hoses for the parents
my mom didn't know what the fuck mother's there was
five years ago and now she's
super offended if I don't call her
first world problems
she's super
I knew it now
super I knew it
super Hindu it
no don't clap stop
stop no don't clap
stop it
get out
yeah don't rebound buddy
you can't make
Muslim and Hindu jokes about my parents
I think you'll find I can and do
that was a real hidden don't
alright let's play some D&D
shall we everybody
tenise stay tenise please stay
you're going to play
character. She's at home with a cold. She's never done D&D before, so you have to explain
all of them.
I played D&D before. I actually was a drow, so no worries. I just want to know what her
character...
Fuck everybody that says girls don't play D&D. Fuck you and your mom.
No, they do. They just...
They do.
It's just like that.
Not all suck at it. I'm going to kick your ass.
It's just that post-character generating shopping trip always ends up in...
Adam said, told me to kill your character and rape it.
Okay. Oh, his character.
Yeah.
We're already dead anyway. We almost died last time.
Great job, Denise.
Did you hear last week's episode, Denise?
I did not. I was at a bot mitzvah scene.
Well, it ended with all of us being apparently choked to death by shadow monsters.
Like, for those of you listening...
Oh, he's going to recap it for us, right?
I often do.
I have to say, I wasn't here, and miraculously, even though it kept being brought up, nobody
fucked my character last week.
We didn't get to.
Because we were all dying.
I know.
And sex was not on our minds.
It still kind of was.
I sort of floated it. Nobody seemed into it.
So I was like, all right.
All right, so yeah, so we were hanging by a thread.
Dan, you want to go grab the character sheet so we'll get this bitch kitty underway?
Yeah. Do you have the...
Did you bring the music cues back?
Yes, I do. I have the music.
Spencer, are you ready to get us up to date?
I'd like to think so.
All right. Spencer, everybody.
After a confusing episode with a possessed Chris de Burgh and a brief return of Tylenol with Codine,
as well as a dangerous brush with a large black gate,
our heroes were accosted by a troop of blade-armed horrors.
At first, the gang was winning, cutting down two of the shadowy foes in an instant.
Soon after, however, the tides of battle shifted and the shadows tried a new tactic,
choking out the opponents with their smoky and substantial forms.
As combat wore on, two more shadows were defeated,
but Mulraine and Sharpie were caught by the limbs,
dimming their minds and dulling their senses as it choked them to death.
After trying to avoid the grappling shadows, Mulraine fired some arrows wildly
before passing out from suffocation.
Sharpie slung fiery bolts at the shadows and managed to heal the party with the Soul of Growth,
but in the end was also overcome by the shadowy smoke.
Two losing consciousness.
The remaining shadows squared off against Quark and Chris, who fucked around too much,
trying to pull crazy tricks that failed utterly.
They too were choked out and lost consciousness in short order.
The party fly defeated on the floor,
and as their unconscious forms were dragged into the black gate by the shadowy assailants,
who would know how they would get to their home?
Yeah, so I fucked that one up.
Can't hit every audio cue.
This podcast is brought to you by...
Nabisco!
Thank you, Spetha.
Put a cookie on it.
I knew I'd have to fail at something.
Nabisco, which in Urdu means, your mom has a cock.
Yeah.
The best is cock, co is mother.
Sometimes that's all there is, you know.
There's nothing more to be said than what's already been said.
Sometimes you have a punchline, sometimes you just stop talking.
Just pull the record and just let the shoot deploy, man.
You guys are on your own.
Exactly.
Speaking of on our own, so I'm gonna imagine that we need to be told what the hell's going on.
Yeah, you guys aren't even awake yet.
It's crazy.
Anyway.
We all black out, right?
Yeah, no, you're dead now.
Reroll characters.
Let's go.
Wait, we're dead?
No.
I knew it.
I had a feeling this was like in a video game,
like when you have no choice and just lose all your equipment,
someone hits you on the head.
Close, yeah, yeah.
Your eyes slowly drift open, a dry burning,
clawing at your lids and your throat and your body throbs with pain.
You can feel a heavy burden weighing on your neck,
shoulders, wrists, ankles, knees and toes.
You look down.
Knees and toes, knees and toes.
Head, ankles, knees and toes, knees and toes.
What's that in throbbing pain?
Our pelvises?
No, the mentioned body parts are weighed down by burdens,
which looking down you see are in fact shadowy chains
binding your arms and legs to those of your adventurer friends,
like some sort of chained gang.
So we're all chained together?
Yeah, you're chained and guarded by multiple,
I'd say nine of these same blade-armed guards.
Your chains are bound to a black wall that extends
easily about 300 feet tall or more.
And it's creating a huge ring-shaped arena,
sort of doughnut.
Arena?
Inside this doughnut, yeah.
And are we all together or are we in different parts of the world?
You guys are chained to each other, so you're pretty close.
You know you're maybe in like an eight-foot train.
So we're at the edge of a circular wall
that goes 300 feet in the air.
And it's a doughnut.
Atop the far walls you can see tiered steps of ashy stone grey rings
like some sort of amphitheater or stadium.
Packed into the stepped rows of grey risers are thousands upon
thousands of silhouettes, forming a massive crowd of pulsing,
undulating dragons.
I don't like this trope, yeah.
It's a classic.
There's a reason it's a trope, Dan.
Yeah, because it pits the protagonist in a horrible situation
that I'm going to fail at.
Are they going to make us go like Spock against Kirk in this?
Who knows?
I kill myself instantly.
That's a fair action.
Do you want to do that?
No.
But if we're going to be in a human centipede at any point,
I call the front.
I got middle. I got middle.
A lot of people don't know last, second to last is actually
for various biological and toxicological reasons.
It's the same as being on Space Mountain, second to last.
They call it the human centipede catbird seed.
It actually results in you being pretty healthy after three weeks
if you get cut loose.
There's a human centipede sequel, and there's a guy,
the sequel is about a guy who saw a human centipede
and wants to try it on his own.
And then there's a scene where he has everybody in a warehouse
and then he walks out of the room,
and I think it's the first dialogue in the movie.
A guy who heard a reference to human centipede goes like,
it's from a movie. Did you see it?
The human centipede.
He's going to sew us ass to mouth.
And everyone starts going,
ahhh.
Like, I would, if I had to,
he's going to sew us ass to mouth.
I wouldn't have an immediate visceral reaction to that
the way I would.
He's going to pull out our fingernails
or he's going to eat our livers.
He's going to sew us ass to mouth.
I'd be like, wait, what? What?
But maybe they've seen the first movie.
Yeah, I mean, I think that's the crime
is it's pretty simple.
Everyone saw the movie and they're like,
no, ass to mouth, I heard about that.
Oh.
It's like the McDonald's Monopoly game.
That's why I didn't like the movie Predators,
you know, the new Predators,
because they reference the first movie, not as a movie,
but they say, oh, you know what he did
and then he covered himself in mud,
and that's how-
Like it really happened, like they read it in the Tribune?
Yeah.
They were like, remember that happened
in the Predators, they do the same thing.
So these guys can like have invisibility cloaks
and like homing lasers,
but they can't figure out,
if you cover yourself in mud, they're flabbergasted.
Yeah, they don't have mud, mud, mud, mud.
They should just have like a water hose on their stove.
They should just outlaw mud.
All right, so what's up, Spencer?
Yeah, yeah.
So I mentioned there's these nine guys guarding you.
Yeah, I totally did.
They're looking into the center of this donut
and there's even a smaller, like a central raised ring,
like a stage, kind of situated in the middle.
And you can see hanging above the stage
is that massive glowing gray sun
that actually caused your shadows
to depart in the first place,
hanging above the central ring.
And chained in the central ring,
you can see a guy, it looks a lot like Breffi.
Oh.
Hey, I have to go pee, guys.
I'll be right back.
Yeah, no, for real.
What happens?
Like in a medicine.
That would be a terrible joke if that were a joke.
Yeah, no, go ahead.
No, it's my life.
This is my life.
It happens.
It's a serious business.
Yeah.
We're on our own.
Yeah, there's an old Farsi saying about bladder size.
Yeah.
I only know the English translation.
How does it translate?
His Black Widow does not catch flies.
I didn't want to follow it through.
Honestly, my relationship with all of you
ended that second time I said something
that I think deserved a bigger laugh than I got.
And I started to think to myself,
I'm just going to edit you laughing in.
I'm just going to pick something else.
I can't remember what it was.
It's called fascism.
Yeah, and I'm going to edit that boo out,
that guy that booed me.
There's nothing you can do that I can't manipulate
and control.
All right, so we're chained together.
There's nine guards.
There's an arena that we're in,
then there's a stage in front of us.
Above it is the glowing sun.
Uh-huh, and below it is a Breffi lookalike.
A Breffi lookalike.
Chained to the arena there.
Remind me of who Breffi was.
He was the guy that turned into a...
a frightened old man,
very pale with long white hair,
you know, rather spindly guy
that occasionally turns into a large spidery monster.
I'd call out and say, are you Breffi?
He can't hear you.
I bet it's like a human form,
like if you and I existed in a place
where we had to look like spiders,
like we would look like the same spider.
Did you ever see the arrival with Charlie Sheen?
No.
He kept seeing Ron Silver everywhere.
And then he realized that the aliens
only make so many rubber suits.
Ah.
You know, Mattel only issues out so many human costumes.
I yell out, have you seen the movie Arrival?
He can't hear you.
Okay.
Are the guards...
In fact, everything's eerily silent,
like normally if you're packed in a stadium
or something, there'd be some noises, but in case...
Well, it's hard to clap when your hands are shadows.
Tell me about it.
Don't force time at no laugh.
And it's all going in my memoirs.
Are the guards watching us?
The guards, as it happens, are watching the central stage.
They're looking at this chained man.
He looks around and framed.
Can I summon the monkey and have him free my shackles?
The monkey summon is only like once per day.
I guess you don't know that it's the same day,
but you feel as if you can't cast any more spells.
I was passed out. How long was I passed out?
Not eight hours.
Also, you haven't done the magic.
Do we have our inventory with us, or has it all been taken away from us?
That's a great question.
Fumbling around.
You do notice you have your bags and things with you.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, crazy.
All of a sudden, the mood seems to shift,
and you see the breathy lookalike.
His neck snaps to the left as if he's suddenly transfixed by something.
Yeah, yeah. Following his gaze,
you can see a black shadow streaking across the gray floor
of the stadium towards the old gray man.
This is where we watch the guy in front of us.
Yeah, get it.
Yeah.
I said it.
That happens.
Do you want to guess what happens next?
Hey, don't punish our savvy.
That's exactly what you do in Dungeons & Dragons.
You punish metagaming.
That's a whole thing.
Well, then I'll just sit here and go like,
ooh, wow, what's going to happen?
And get rewarded for it?
That's all I ever wanted.
That path ends with fake brontosaurus.
I'll just go where the heat is.
Yeah, that's fine. You do you, Dan. You do you.
I'll be good cop, okay?
Oh my God, what's going to happen?
I'm so glad you asked.
I jibber in feudal anguish.
I make the far-thee chicken sound.
Well, we got to figure out how to,
we got the time it takes for this breathy guy to die
until we figure out what the fuck we're going to do.
That's why I don't like this. I'm bad at chess.
I don't like the pressure.
I use all my barbarian strength to rail against my chains
to see if that does anything.
You struggle with all your might,
but these chains are even stronger than I am.
Can I ask, as a sidebar, my spell situation,
like, or, you know, I was so exhausted
before I only had levels like one and two.
I haven't, nothing's changed about that.
Yeah, you still haven't gotten any spells back.
Holy Toledo.
You notice the chains around breathy dissolving,
if I haven't mentioned that before,
and testing his arms and legs,
he kind of stretches a little bit as the shadow approaches.
You can see the shadow, it kind of looks like a black spider.
It's got many limbs, and as it approaches the ring,
you see breathy shape shift himself.
Well, breathy look alike.
He's not breathy, you guys, spoilers.
Anyway, he turns into a great white spider,
and the two clash.
There are many black and white limbs
and starling and tangling each other.
You can only hear the sound of ripping flesh
and tearing limbs from limbs
against the dark backdrop,
or the quiet backdrop of the, you know, the background.
Done with that sense.
Maybe this fight will be a hit,
and they'll push us to mid-season.
It'll get 13 more episodes.
Yeah.
So the lifeless corpse of the breathy look like
falls to the ground,
and you can see the black spidery shadow
rise up in triumph, and as it happens,
the gray sun gives out a brilliant pulse,
and then breathy look alike is dissolved into light,
and it dissolves into light
and flows into the black spidery creature.
The black spidery creature walks off to the arena in triumph
and takes a place in the stands.
What is this?
Oh, Jesus, the audience gets to just kill people?
Yeah, what do they do?
What is the audience doing now?
The audience is going nuts.
Get in the hole! Get in the hole!
Get in the hole!
Especially because of any more...
Happy Mother's Day!
They were quiet.
This crowd was a quiet crowd in my narration.
Yeah, that was very clear.
No, yeah, well they...
I'm sure, though, from their perspective
they're doing that.
I mean, the crowd, yeah, whatever.
Why am I siding with anyone but you?
What's up, y'all?
Do the shadow shackles react to any kind of light?
Okay, so other than light,
you guys can see in the darkness that it's just Sharpie,
so he can barely see,
but there's not really any light.
The only thing that could be considered light
is the pulse of the sun.
You mean Quark, right?
Sharpie.
Quark has...
I'm human.
Yeah, so you can't see in the dark.
Everyone else has low light.
Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
I thought you were perfect.
But I'm human, too.
Yeah, but you got the goggles of night,
which let you use that dark vision.
Okay, continue, sorry, I misunderstood.
So yeah, other than the dark sun pulsing,
there is no real light,
but even that was like a dark anti-light.
Like a shadow light.
Like instead of spreading light,
it spreads darkness.
Yeah, that's also a thing in Dungeons & Dragons.
No, I know, I like it.
Yeah, I'm just saying.
And Jeanine Garofalo must be really popular here.
You feel a tug on your chains.
Yeah, and you see the chains have detached from the wall,
and now the nine guards are leading you
towards the central ring.
Oh, maybe they're going to free us.
Yeah, probably.
The show's over?
Yeah.
It seems like, yeah.
I've never seen a movie or...
They wanted to show us perfecting
for the guy in front of us in the show.
Yeah, yeah, we didn't like the guy either.
Thanks, guys.
All right.
Where'd me park?
Standing in the center of the ring.
You didn't really see how they got there,
but you see four figures,
one of which is markedly shorter than the rest.
Okay.
You guys validate?
I'm still going with the part.
I'm still going with that.
They pull you into the middle of the ring,
and you're facing these four fellows
that look rather familiar.
Oh, it's us!
They're us.
There are shadow versions of ourselves.
Fuck!
Are they our shadows?
They are.
There are shadows.
Are you fucking kidding me?
God damn it.
Think of all the tropes.
Do they have goatees?
And does my guy have multiple number one hits?
They're more like sprite recolors.
It's just a lenient blue.
It's a cotton green.
They like it over there.
I think it's purple is the opposite color, right?
All right.
No, not purple.
Nevermind.
Green.
Okay, so where are we now?
You're in the center of the ring,
facing down your shadow duplicates.
Oh, God.
You see the guards who dragged you here
are kind of dispersed,
and you're no longer around,
but you still have bindings around you.
Oh, it makes sense,
because Brefi was a spider guy,
so now he fought his own version,
which was a spider guy.
And he got his ass beat for his troubles.
Murdered.
Luckily, we're not as strong as joint spiders,
so these guys aren't going to be that strong.
Do they also have a lot of infighting going on
and raping each other when we're asleep?
Yeah, why don't we just hang back
and watch them do bits until they die?
One of them is a half Muslim Jewish person.
Why is your shadow taking all of his inventory,
tying it into a ball and throwing it around?
You just keep fucking a football.
Yeah, you're fucking everything, yeah.
You feel the chains around you kind of drop off,
and they dissolve into mist,
and as this happens,
you feel refreshed as if vitality
is coursing through you anew.
All right, I'm only going to say this once.
Non-conflict resolution.
Worth a shot.
Worth a shot?
Although we are in an arena with spectators,
this is probably the situation
where that's least going to work.
You don't have baseball games where they're like,
you know what, let's just hang out tonight.
But it's ourselves.
All right, let's try.
It's us.
Well, do they move like us?
They haven't moved since you've seen them.
Well, I will pull out an arrow and see
if my shadow moves in the same way.
It doesn't move.
How do I look?
You look great.
Not bad.
Can I shoot my shadow in the foot?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Do you want to do non-conflict resolution?
I want to communicate.
I'm going to step forward holding my hands
in a nonviolent manner.
And I say, guys, you are us.
We are you.
That means you don't want to do this either.
Let's not do it together.
And we'll have twice as much a chance as that working.
Of that working.
You're probably drunk too.
A couple articles and prepositions aren't going to bug you.
I wait for your answer.
Take all the time you want.
I step back.
In unison, the four draw their weapons.
You're a fucking dick, Spencer.
And you were born a dick and you're going to die a dick.
You're vindictive and you're petty.
And this is why people don't like Dungeons and Dragons.
They think of nerds as being like these people with all this anger dwelling inside them
that they take it out in these dice and things.
Maybe we should just go out in a football field and just fuck each other up.
Sharpie?
If you like pain, if you like discomfort, let's go play football.
You know, this is supposed to be about fun.
I don't want to die.
It's Mother's Day.
She loves season four.
If I die, she won't even care.
She won't notice.
She was quoting lines.
I wasn't even there.
She won't notice.
She only knows I exist because of the fucking television.
And she's going like, oh, that was a good one.
This is like, you know how they do puppet therapy?
Episode title.
Hey, you're a druid or whatever.
What is your druid's dad think of it?
What part of your body did the magic missile get cast out?
All right, so they've drawn weapons, I guess.
I guess this looks like we're going to have to slug it out, right?
Did you say earlier we felt suddenly rejuvenated like we were just reset?
Oh, yeah.
You got your spells back.
Yeah, I was going to finish saying that.
But yeah, all of your spells come back and you guys return to full health.
Awesome.
So it's going to be seemingly a fair fight.
Seemingly.
I should remind you, you guys are still weakened from losing your shadows,
which has given you, you know, ability damage.
Oh, these are our shadows that left.
Yeah.
Yeah, you weren't there and that happened.
I just put it together.
Yeah, these are our shadows.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Shit.
So if they win, they get to go hang out with the rest of society
and the stands and watch people get ripped to shreds.
And if we win, we get to have them hang out underneath us when we eat ice cream.
Isn't that a little one-sided?
Yeah, it seems like they have a lot going on.
It's like we've entered a world where people, instead of shadows,
they're completely disregarded and mistreated.
Yeah.
Huh.
In a world invisible the most.
That's just deep.
We could cut it here if you want.
No, no, no.
Five to ten and we...
That's what I was saying, like we could launch into combat fresh next time.
Yeah, it's gonna take a while.
We didn't really put Denise Tenic in any use.
Denise, do you want to fire the first shot?
Oh, hell yes.
Let's let Denise get at least one shot.
Well, if I shoot at the shadows, is anybody here gonna take damage from...
Are they in some way linked to the shadows?
Because, yes, I would shoot two into his.
She points at Quark.
There's no way of knowing for sure.
Okay, I'll shoot two arrows into his shadow.
What the fuck? What's going on?
Your shadow, not you.
I'll remind you that you could shoot three arrows as a result of your speedy longbow.
Thank you.
Yeah, so three.
I also think it's Mother's Day, so...
What?
Anyway, I'm confused sometimes.
Anyway, two of your arrows managed to plant themselves into just the chastle region,
but he doesn't seem to bother.
One of them hits him in his exposed shoulder, dealing some damage.
Sorry, everybody.
Nine damage.
Woo!
But not to me.
No, to his shadow.
Yeah, so in your face.
She didn't want to hurt you.
She does. She was trying to hurt me.
Adam Goldberg told her to kill my character.
What if she was prioritizing the most affected combat?
That's what the Iranians do, we infiltrate.
Adam Goldberg.
That's right. She was prioritizing the most affected combatants.
You're the best fighter we have, so she was getting your equipment.
She was saying Adam Goldberg asked her to kill my character, and she was trying to do it.
You go, girl.
I like my interpretation better.
Yeah.
I like it better, too.
At the same time, Shadow Mulraine fires off three arrows, two of which also miss,
and one of which plants itself into Christopher.
What?
Happy Mother's Day, dealing four damage.
Alright, I'm okay with that.
Alright.
What are we going to stop now?
That's up to you guys.
Yeah, let's stop.
The first shots have been blown.
Yeah, if it bleeds, we can kill it.
I figured out a new way to end the show.
Yeah?
We review and make sure there's nothing to edit out for real, so that we can upload it quicker.
Sounds exhilarating.
What did we say that we wanted to edit out?
The community stuff.
What was it?
We wanted to edit out that guy actually yelling the N-word.
Wait, someone actually just yelled out the N-word?
Yeah.
Who was it?
I'm black.
It's okay.
Oh, he's black.
Wait, get up here.
Get up here, for fuck's sake.
Alright.
God, just say it for us, would you?
Oh, God, we got a Farsi woman to come up and say the C-word.
Alright.
What's your name, first of all?
Nigger.
Alright.
Yay!
It's fun.
They took it back.
Thanks for coming to Harmon Channel, everybody.
We did it.
Let's hear it one more time for Denise.
Thank you so much, Denise, for coming up here.
Spencer.
Kumail Nanjiani.
Okay.
And everybody else, here we go.
Jason.
We're going to edit out his name.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, it was already a fake name, right?
One more time for Jason.
Jason, I'm a digger.
A Burbank, California.
Happy Mother's Day, Jason's mom.
I'm Jeff Davis, your count.
Tell her one more time for your mayor, Dan Harmon, everybody.
Good night.